Thank You second time around why not
we're good we're going to do the volume
of the hairline now the dorm room for
locking into the door before today I am
in the surgery of HIV era for some hair
transplant surgery it's my second time
here and again everyone's been really
lovely let me feel you know really
relaxed you may remember he came to see
us back in 2011 he had just won the X
Factor show television and was concerned
about his hair also at that time let's
just learn the rough calculation there
he goes we should get about two and a
half thousand grams okay so hopefully
and had the surgery goes but that would
be our expectation i right
so that's enough to strengthen f1 to
Porlock region and do some work okay I'm
31 now first notice that I was losing my
hair probably in my late 20s more so
when I was actually on X Factor and we
have all the lights and the cameras and
everything around like wow okay that
doesn't look as thick as it used to look
and it's a confidence thing at the end
of the day you know you feel confident
with it you know a full head of hair and
if there's security to kind of maintain
that and hold on to that for a little
longer at least you know then I don't
see why not
so our plan is to reinforce an existing
hair line densely packed the transition
zone identity to the forelock and
rebuild the bridge to shrink the crown
but what I was filling in the crack in
the ground so it's 4:15 to 2000
Philippians today is kind of consisting
of two parts we take the hair in the
morning from the donor area and then we
go into the planting room and that
happens twice once we for lunch and once
after lunch
absolutely no problems Punkie of lots of
hair and they're taking the old strong
okay you're gonna get one screen usually
you're going to start it needs to tell
you the frontal area the day went really
well it went a lot quicker than it it
seemed to go last time I was I felt a
little bit more conscious for the
procedure but still there's no pain
there's no discomfort we got a lot more
grass than I thought that we would get
the team were amazing that looked after
me from the moment I got here to - right
now everyone involved has been amazing
there's so many people beavering away
that you don't see them till the ends
and you get up when you turn around and
it's like 10 or 15 people like as you
were just like thank you all so much you
know but everybody's been wonderful
should be about sort of six to eight
months before you really see the hair
start to come through but I remember the
last time you don't think about it too
much and before you know it you know
your hair's transform on your head and
you can really see the difference it's
one of those things there are thousands
and thousands probably millions of guys
out there losing their hair if it
bothers you there is something that you
can do about it for a patient it's
straightforward it's painless and it's
it's totally worth doing if it doesn't
affect you then don't do it but if it
does this something you can do about it
and it's not difficult
you